esp_lvgl_port: Add support for buttons as a input device. (#132)
espressif/esp-bsp: components/esp_lvgl_port/README.md

**Note:** The inputs added in this function are not removed in `lvgl_port_deinit`. They must be removed by `lvgl_port_remove_touch` before deinitialization. Otherwise, there can be memory leaks!

### Add buttons input

> Add buttons input to the LVGL. It can be called more times for adding more buttons inputs for different displays. 

Reviewer: Maybe now we can add a sentence here that this feature is available if `espressif/button` component is included.

            .adc_button_config.adc_channel = ADC_CHANNEL_0, // ADC1 channel 0 is GPIO1
            .adc_button_config.button_index = 0,
            .adc_button_config.min = 2310, // middle is 2410mV
            .adc_button_config.max = 2510
        },
        {
            .type = BUTTON_TYPE_ADC,
            .adc_button_config.adc_channel = ADC_CHANNEL_0, // ADC1 channel 0 is GPIO1
            .adc_button_config.button_index = 1,
            .adc_button_config.min = 1880, // middle is 1980mV
            .adc_button_config.max = 2080
        },
        {
            .type = BUTTON_TYPE_ADC,
            .adc_button_config.adc_channel = ADC_CHANNEL_0, // ADC1 channel 0 is GPIO1
            .adc_button_config.button_index = 2,
            .adc_button_config.min = 720, // middle is 820mV
            .adc_button_config.max = 920
        },
    };

    const lvgl_port_nav_btns_cfg_t btns = {
        .disp = disp_spi,
        .button_prev = &bsp_button_config[0],
        .button_next = &bsp_button_config[1],
        .button_enter = &bsp_button_config[2]
    };

    /* Add buttons input (for selected screen) */
    lvgl_port_add_navigation_buttons(&btns);
```

> **Note 1:** The inputs added in this function are not removed in `lvgl_port_deinit`. They must be removed by `lvgl_port_remove_navigation_buttons` before deinitialization. Otherwise, there can be memory leaks!

Reviewer: Optional suggestion: can we convert this note into a part of the code snippet above? For example:

```c++
    /* Add buttons input (for selected screen) */
    lv_indev_t* buttons_handle = lvgl_port_add_navigation_buttons(&btns);
    
    /* ... the rest of the initialization ... */

    /* If deinitializing LVGL port, remember to delete the buttons: */
    lvgl_port_remove_navigation_buttons(buttons_handle);
```

Author: Great! Thank you! Added to all parts (touch, display) instead of notes.

> **Note 2:** When you use navigation buttons for control LVGL objects, there must be used LVGL groups. More info in [LVGL documentation](https://docs.lvgl.io/master/overview/indev.html?highlight=lv_indev_get_act#keypad-and-encoder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** When you use navigation buttons for control LVGL objects, these objects must be added to LVGL groups. See [LVGL documentation](https://docs.lvgl.io/master/overview/indev.html?highlight=lv_indev_get_act#keypad-and-encoder) for more info.
```
